Welcome to Movistar with the application
of movistar colombia designed to
smartphone devices use it is
very simple then you
We will show how to carry out the process of
discharge
you must first enter through the
google maps
then through the best search engine
digital
movistar com
to start the process once it
find is the selections icon
will show you when you enter the application
the description and characteristics of this
and some images of the application
you select the option to install
then accept and download
in a few seconds you will be ready to
use it
you will find three banners
with related information from movistar
in one you will find information about
social networks and how to stay in
contact with us through them
in electronic invoice you will find
information related to
billing and how to subscribe to it
and the third banner welcomes you to
the application of movistar com in the
bottom part you will find information
of your account
where can you fill in the number of your
mobile
then the key
keep in mind that the key corresponds to
the same key that you use when entering
through online service at www
movistar
once you enter, information will be displayed
Your account with your phone number the
account number the current balance the
next cut date date of
Last payment and the value of your last payment
when accessing the detail of your consumption
you will find consumption information
voice also consumption of text messages
and consumption of line data
do not
when selecting the office option
you will find information about the centers
of experience of movistar
you must keep in mind that the team must
have active the gps application and you
refer to the nearest offices
to the point where you are located
when selecting the indicator with the letter
m will show you the name of the office the
address and also if you are
open
Finally, keep in mind that the
application will be available in the
Download option for your smartphone
that nothing